♪ Who's gonna help when the danger overwhelms ♪
♪ And the mysteries are piled high? ♪
♪ Who's gonna be around, never gonna let you down ♪
♪ When you're on a wild ride? ♪
♪ Your friends are always by your side ♪
♪ It's Craig of the Creek, he's gonna save the day ♪
♪ It's Craig of the Creek ♪
♪♪
Mom! When are we gonna get to Grandma and Granddad's?
"When you sit your behind back in that seat" o'clock.
[ Whirring ] It's gonna be awesome,
spending this 3-day weekend with my grandparents, y'all.
Probably gonna work on some cool projects with my granddad.
Neat.
Well, me and the gang are just gonna go
down the creek an-- Hold on a minute!
If you guys are in my phone,
who the heck are these guys?!
[ English accent ] 'Ello, I'm Greg.
My name's Chelsey.
Hey, my name's Kelsey.
-And I'm Craig. -Really?!
Duane: We're here!
Hey, baby! [chuckle]
Here I come to get my sugar.
Oh, you're lookin' so good, Jojo.
Hello, Madam Councilwoman.
I'm off the clock,
so "Ma" will do just fine.
Thanks for taking the kids this weekend, Ma.
[ Smooch ]
You know it's no trouble.
I love gettin' in some quality time
with my grandbabies.
Grandma!
Ooh. You're gettin' so big.
[laughs] I ate all my milk!
Hurry up and say hi!
Quit pushin' me.
You better gimme some sugar, Bernard.
-[  Ding! ] Mwah. -[Laughing]
You still gettin' good grades?
Grandma, gimme some sugar, quick!
[  Ding! ] Mwah!
You always smell like outside.
Where's Granddad?
Oh, he's out in the garden.
Grandda-a-a-d!
Those Williams men, always in a hurry.
[ Engine starts ] Duane: Okay, Ma, gotta go.
[ Tires squealing ] See you in a few days!
[ Suspenseful music plays ] Whoa!
Granddad's garden.
Earl: Another one?
What could be doing this?
[ Whimsical tune plays ]
♪♪
-Granddad! -Wha--?!
[laughing] Hey, Craig.
Check this out.
What the...? You ate a leaf?
It wasn't me, Craig! Look.
[ Gasp! ]
[ Ominous music plays ] The eggplants!
Aah! The radishes!
It can't be.
[ Suspenseful music climbs ] Even the corn?!
Why?!
Wait. What about the sweet potatoes?
Now, now, now, don't worry.
The sweet potatoes are safe.
[ Sinister music plays ] For now.
I just can't figure out
what's been eatin' everything.
These bites are just too big
to be a bug, or even a rodent.
Well, whatever it is,
we need to stop it.
Mm-hmm!
Sounds like a project.
A project?
Yep. To the workshop!
Hoh-hoh! The workshop!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! -Agh. Agh. [Bones crackling]
So you're sending these letters
because you're constipated?
[laughs] I'm sending letters
to my constituents.
That's what I said!
Constipatients.
Oh, I see what's goin' on here, Miss Jessica.
You're messin' with me.
A little.
Okay, Grandma.
I got everything mixed, so far.
Should I put in the chocolate chips now?
Chocolate chips?!
Unh-unh! No, sir!
In this house, we use
[ Ominous music plays ] chocolate chunks.
Chocolate chunks?
Why didn't I think of that
[ Suspenseful music climbs ] before?!
Granddad and me are doing a project!
I-I'm a-comin'. [ chuckle ]
Hey, good-lookin'.
Earl, you fresh.
[ Click ]
Remember that spice rack we built
last time I was here?
I made one just like it for the creek.
Really? Now, that's impressive.
We mainly use it to show off cool soda cans we find.
Gotta show off those cans.
Hey, what's this thing?
Uh, that's what they call a seismograph.
It was a retirement gift
from the factory I used to work at.
What's it used for?
Monster detection.
Monsters?! Really?!
Uh, that, and earthquakes.
Come on, grab a stool
and let's get this project started.
[ Rattle ]
[ Sproing ]
[ Squeaking ]
Okay, let's start with a simple layout
and then -- -Can I give it a try?
Sure, uh, t-t-take it away, Craig.
Okay, here's your house.
And here's the street we take
to get to your house, past Duckmart.
And I think Florida's down there, somewhere.
And Europe is over here.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
back it up. Why don't we just make
a simple map of the backyard?
Like this.
Yeah, I can see it.
Let me just add one thing.
[  Ding! ] There.
Now we have a visual reference for scale.
So, how are we gonna go about protecting the garden?
We can dig a moat around the yard [  Splash! ]
and then fill it with flesh-eating piranhas!
B-But what if this thing is piranhaproof?
Oh. Good point.
[ Eraser squeaks ] Wait!
Of course! How about a fence?!
[ Metal clinking ] Hey, now,
that's more like it.
I got some spare wood in the shed
and  lots of chicken wire layin' around.
Because, see, we don't have any chickens, and so forth.
But if we section off the whole garden,
how are we gonna get inside?
Oh, shoot! You're right.
Maybe we could build one of them, umm --
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, one of them,
whatchamacallit --
Oh, ooh, ooh.
It kind of goes like this --
A-And it has one of these.
A door!
Yeah! A door! [laughs]
Okay, lookin' good.
Now, like they used to say at the old factory,
Whoot!
Wow!
There. Got the chicken wire laid out.
Now, to get my measuring tape
and carefully measure the exact length.
Granddad! I finished putting
the posts in the ground.
Well, they're in the ground.
At many different angles.
[ Thud ] Oh, sorry.
Hey, don't worry about it.
Patience is a skill that's hard to master.
But when you're old, [Bones crackle] like me,
agh, sometimes you have no choice but to be patient.
Now, give this thing a nice, hard whack.
[ Thudding ]
[ Snapping ]
♪♪
[ Hinges squeaking ]
There!
Safe  and secure.
[ Laughter, giggling ]
Whoa, Grandma! Is that you?
Sure is, Bernard.
That's back when we still lived in the city.
Jessica: Grandma, you look cool.
Thank you, baby. [chuckle]
There was a lot goin' on back in those days.
There's a lot goin' on right now.
Nothing's getting through that fence.
[ Birds chirping ]
[ Clunk ] Sweet potatoes!
Something tore up the fence!
And my sweet potatoes!
[ Hinge squeaks ]
[ Suspenseful music plays ]
[crying] Poor little potato.
Just two days from becoming a cobbler.
Well, whatever did this
couldn't have come from the woods.
This fence stretches around the whole neighborhood.
[ Wind blowing ] And I doubt it was Gus.
We have an agreement.
What could it be?
Granddad, there's only one thing
that could be eating the garden:
a monster.
Hmm. I'm listening.
Think about it. The creature would need
to be able to shapeshift its way through the fence,
[  Howling ] like a werewolf;
but only have a taste for vegetables,
like a vegan. [  Chomping, growling ]
No doubt about it:
a vegan werewolf is destroying our garden!
Okay, well, I-I'd imagine catching a werewolf
with dietary restrictions
is much like catchin' any other vermin.
With a trap! [Joints creak] Oh!
Granddad, are you okay?
G-Get Grandma.
Earl, you gotta be careful
not to overexert yourself.
You know, if I had to choose
between you and the corn, I'd choose you.
Well, of course you would,
because I come with the corn.
We're a package deal.
[ Sigh ]
I just don't like being idle,
doin' all this sittin' around.
And I can't figure out
what's happenin' out there.
Well, maybe you can help me figure out
where all this man's hair went.
I sure did have nice hair.
Looks like Granddad's out of commission.
[ Birds chirping ]
There's a monster in those woods.
[ Suspenseful music plays ] I know it.
I gotta stop it before it destroys the rest of the garden
and everything Granddad holds dear.
[ Click ]
[ Sproing! ]
[ Squeaking ]
♪♪
[ Owl hooting ] You're hunting monsters?!
Tonight, me and my dad watched this movie
where they turned the Empire State Building
into a missile and shot it at a monster.
You thinking of doing something like that?
I'm just using glue, for now.
I'm hoping that's enough.
This garden means a lot to my granddad.
But if it comes down to fighting a monster, I will.
Ohh! I wish I was there.
[ Fence rattling ] Huh?
The monster!
Be careful!
Bring something to stab with!
Have fun fightin' for your life!
[ Hinge squeaks ] Huh?
[ Wind blowing, crickets chirping ]
♪♪
[ Suspenseful music plays ] [ Cornstalks rustling ]
Ha!
[ Adventure music plays ]
Aah-aah, unh!
Whoa-whoa-whoa!
Unh!
It's gone!
Grammy-y-y!
Earl: Well, I'd consider yourself lucky.
If it'd have been epoxy glue on that paper,
you'd be dressin' like a mummy
every Halloween for the rest of your life.
Not to mention every other day of the year.
I know.
Ow! Jessica!
You wanna walk around all day, lookin' silly?!
Well, I don't know if it's safe
to be playin' with traps, in the first place.
Both: It would've worked!
If he hadn't rushed out there.
I'm just sayin'.
You Williams boys are always in a rush.
You  need to be patient.
Right.
[ Click ]
[ Adventure music plays ]
No more tricks. No more traps.
I'm just gonna sit here and wait for the monster.
[ Birds chirping ]
And maybe have a cookie.
[ Crunching ]
Ugh! Bernard.
[ Eerie music plays ]
[ Leaves rustle, branch snaps ] [ Gasp! ]
[ Crickets chirping ]
Wh-who's there?
[ Rustling ]
[ Suspenseful music plays ]
♪♪
[ Whoosh! ] [ Gasp! ]
[ Munch ]
♪♪
H-How did you get in here?
Whah! Ooh!
Wait! Don't go!
[ Whimsical-suspenseful tune ] [ Panting ]
Huah! Unh!
Ah! Oof!
Slow down, speedy!
What?
[ Fence rattling ] There's a hole in the fence.
That's how you've been getting in and out.
♪♪
Hey, it's okay.
I'm not gonna hurt ya.
[ Grunting ]
Mnh-ohh!
[ Tender tune plays ]
♪♪
[ Leaves rustle ]
I'm gonna make a call
to the City Bureau of Fence Services
and have them come down and check
if there are any more holes that need to be patched.
That's City Councilwoman Grandma Williams.
[ Thudding ]
Thanks for solving the mystery, Craig.
Whoa!
Now the Deer Goddess owes you one.
I'll have to call it in on my next adventure
at my grandparents' house.
-Bye-bye, now! -Bye!
All right, we miss you already.
♪ When it's time to go to bed ♪
♪ I know I don't have to feel alone ♪
♪ 'Cause I'll see you tomorrow ♪
♪ At the creek ♪
Just like I drew it.
♪♪